When sweet is still alive
The two sisters don't have a good relationship
And now he's dead.
Sweet enough to pretend to be sisters
It was clearly played for Brother Rong
Call me so hard
I thought you were very capable
Who made you fall?
Promise I won't tell you
Hmm
Miss, stop drinking, you've already drunk a lot
Xiao An
Are you saying I'm unlucky?
If the artificial birthday girl was successful at that time
Brother Rong wouldn't dare not marry me
The result is still in your stomach
Xiao An, why is your belly so big?
It's all for the after-effects of abortion
Uterine fibroids
It's all your fault
Immediately after he resigned, he went abroad without a trace
Must be intentional
Inside
There has to be some conspiracy
You mean?
Someone deliberately kept you from getting pregnant with Mr. Rong's child
Wrong object on purpose
Is it faking medical malpractice?
You know
Why do the Rong family think that dragon blood is a gentleman?
Just because three years ago
Brother Rong was assassinated at sea
Although he saved his life
But the toxicity spreads to the reproductive system
He's toxic.
Didn't happen to produce a healthy child. Wow.
I wouldn't let anyone know that I was pregnant with his child
Then my own children
You see my only home
What do you underestimate?